Chloe Bilverstone: So she
Chloe Bilverstone: should have had a robot. Tell you that the recording is in progress. Perfect. So is it, Cosmo? I believe.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: that is such a cool name. I don't know if your mum has told you about the study yet, but I'm just going to run through a bit of the information with you. Now, just to check you understand everything. And then, after that, you can tell me if you agree to participate in the study. Does that sound? Okay?
Tosha Albor: Okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So I'll share my screen. Just so you're able to see what I'm reading out, because I don't know about you. But I sometimes prefer to see something visually opposed to someone just reading at me. So if I just share my screen.
Chloe Bilverstone: so you should be able to see
Chloe Bilverstone: my screen. Now, yeah, so essentially, I'm part of a team of researchers at the University College in London. And we're just doing a little bit of research to help us understand a bit more about parent adolescent relationships. So parents and their children, between sort of 11 and 15 years old and communication so essentially, the study involves you playing an online game today with your mum for 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: we're going to use Zoom to record a video of your playing. Don't worry. The game doesn't require any gaming skill. The rules are very simple and will be explained before we start. It's designed to be fun. I've had a bit of a go myself. I think it was. I think it's quite fun, so hopefully you will, too.
Chloe Bilverstone: All of the information, as I said, will be kept safe and secure. No one outside of the research team will see your video. And the only time we would tell someone is, if we are worried about your safety, which I'm sure will not be an issue today. So do you have to take part? No, it is completely up to you, so you can have a chat with Mum. Now you can let me know if you have any questions. If you do decide you would like to take part. We can get going with a video. If you don't want to take part, you can let me know.
Chloe Bilverstone: And also, if we start and you feel that you don't want to continue. You can let me know as well. So do you feel happy to continue?
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, and do you have any sort of questions.
Tosha Albor: No.
Chloe Bilverstone: No perfect. So I'll just stop sharing my screen
Chloe Bilverstone: brilliant. So I'm now gonna just send a link into the chat.
Chloe Bilverstone: Which is the link to the game. So if I just pop that in for you.
Chloe Bilverstone: does that come up in the chat.
Tosha Albor: Yep, so I've clicked it already. Kiddo, let me just move this so you can see this is.
Chloe Bilverstone: So it should give you the option to choose between keyboard and touch screen. So you can choose the one that applies.
Tosha Albor: Screen. Oh, I don't think. Well, the touch screen! Well.
Tosha Albor: hmm! How would? How? What is keyboard then?
Chloe Bilverstone: So keyboard is, if you've got like
Tosha Albor: Oh!
Chloe Bilverstone: You know, like a computer. So yeah, feel free to just choose which one.
Tosha Albor: I'm not good at keyboard.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, it's just sort of 2 keys. And would you be able to share your screen with me?
Tosha Albor: Yeah, please.
Chloe Bilverstone: Brilliant. Yeah, I can see that.
Chloe Bilverstone: So
Chloe Bilverstone: let me just get back on there. So I'm not very good with how zoom mirrors it. But essentially, Cosmo, you should be on the left, I believe. To make it work best for you guys. Because essentially what is gonna happen is
Chloe Bilverstone: Tosha, you're going to draw lines with the O. And M. Keys, and then.
Tosha Albor: It's me!
Chloe Bilverstone: Cosmo is going to do that with the A.
Tosha Albor: d 3D.
Chloe Bilverstone: Whichever way is sort of left and right.
Chloe Bilverstone: So if I just read the instructions out hopefully, it will start to make a little bit of sense. So this is, etch a sketch. Have you ever heard of? Etch a sketch before?
Tosha Albor: No.
Chloe Bilverstone: No Susan.
Tosha Albor: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So years ago, there used to be a toy called etch a sketch. And essentially, it's a drawing toy.
Chloe Bilverstone: This is it. But online. So it's very similar. And you should be able to see a picture on the left of the house.
Tosha Albor: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So essentially, we'd like you to copy that onto the edge of sketch by working together. But there are some rules. So I'll just let you know those now. So, as I said, Tosha, you can draw lines that are vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And M. Keys, and then, Cosmo, you can make horizontal lines going side by side by pressing the A and D keys. But what is important is that you don't touch each other's keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: So that's the thing to remember. There, if you think at any point you want to clear it and start over, you should be able to see a button new at the sort of top right hand corner there, that will sort of light up. Once you start drawing, you should be able to click that so you can press that at any point throughout the game. If you do find that you sort of finish, and the time isn't up, then feel free to
Chloe Bilverstone: yeah. Do a new one again. So you'll be playing for the full 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, I will mute myself, and I'll hide my video to avoid any distractions. But I am here if you need anything. So yeah, just shout if you have any questions. Yeah, so does everything sound? Okay.
Tosha Albor: Yes, but we're allowed to talk as long as we don't touch each other's.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, please talk. Please, please engage. Yeah, we should have a work together to try and draw the house. But essentially. Yeah, you must stay to your 2 keys and not touch each other's keys. So I will get my timer set up now, so it'll be.
Tosha Albor: And you're just.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, Cosmo, do you have any questions, or are you happy to.
Tosha Albor: I'm happy.
Chloe Bilverstone: Happy to go. Yeah, I will set the timer, and I will turn my camera and microphone off. But yeah, like, I said, if you have any questions, just let me know, and then I'll come back on after the 8 min. Brilliant.
Chloe Bilverstone: Let's go.
Tosha Albor: How do you want to do it, Bob? I don't really know how this works. So let's practice. Let's see what's going on. Well, I'm pressing my keys, but it's actually not moving anything.
Tosha Albor: Oh, oh, that's not good.
Tosha Albor: was it not? Is it?
Chloe Bilverstone: Not working.
Tosha Albor: Oh, now it is okay. So there's there's my line, honey. So I've started that. But I could
Tosha Albor: go down. I could
Tosha Albor: also click new. If you want to start from scratch because you want to center it, I want to center it. Are you sure you want to erase and create a new sketch. Sure. All right, let's try that again.
Tosha Albor: So okay, wait. Let me just yeah.
Tosha Albor: Just letting the cat in one moment. One moment
Tosha Albor: we're being timed kiddo, too. So alright.
Tosha Albor: okay. So let's see where I'm at again. O. And M.
Tosha Albor: Oh, it sort of starts there. But what we can do is
Tosha Albor: I wonder where it will start. You want to just start where it lets us. You want to try your keys, Hun. See where your keys are. Yeah, okay.
Tosha Albor: okay?
Tosha Albor: All right, let's go with that. So do you want to keep going? Yeah, which part of the house is that it's probably the ceiling. Yeah. Okay? So
Tosha Albor: maybe go a bit left.
Tosha Albor: We'll try. Okay.
Tosha Albor: okay, is that enough for more? That feels that feels about right. Should I have a go?
Tosha Albor: M. Down. Oh, oh, cool.
Tosha Albor: all right. And then oh, my goodness, mommy, how are you doing? Well? Are we doing a sideways house? No, we're not. We're copying that house, I think. Let's try and forget we made that mistake there. But I don't know. This is gonna work.
Tosha Albor: Oh, so it's like the lines have to connect. Yeah, that feels like
Tosha Albor: you're gonna do something on the floor.
Tosha Albor: Do you want to? Maybe do the door since? Yeah, we're on the floor. But how would we get to the door? Well, maybe you can go back to the left you mean like with a,
Tosha Albor: yeah, looks like it's turning back, there. Yeah, it does. Yeah. You feel free to go. To which point I will
Tosha Albor: add the vertical line for the okay. Cool up is, oh.
Tosha Albor: sort of halfway up, isn't it? Yeah, okay, go for it. And then we go. D, no, yeah. D
Tosha Albor: 3
Tosha Albor: m down alright, and then we go d
Tosha Albor: nice to just get back together.
Tosha Albor: That looks good.
Tosha Albor: How we're gonna be able to do diagonals. Yeah 100.
Tosha Albor: Let me go back down, I think. Oh, wait! Oh, right return a.
Tosha Albor: Oh.
Tosha Albor: okay, that's a little bit weird. But well, how about you keep you wanna try doing diagonals. You wanna try and get to the opposite end, and we'll give the roof the actual triangle roof a go. Okay? Alright.
Tosha Albor: Okay. Now, do you think? Oh, wait! We can't touch these other keys, but we can try and do.
Tosha Albor: Should we try and do if you do a right? And I do an up at the same time, you think that's going to give us a diagonal. Yeah, 3, 2, 1.
Tosha Albor: Oh, that didn't work. Should we try that again?
Tosha Albor: Yeah.
Tosha Albor: maybe maybe it's a shift. There are no other keys. I don't think. Hon, let's just 2 steps going up and you reckon.
Tosha Albor: yes, sure, okay, go for it, so then we go.
Tosha Albor: D yeah. So O,
Tosha Albor: DODO, DD alright d, okay, and then i'm, gonna go down.
Tosha Albor: and you still keep going d isn't, it hold up. I'm an M.
Tosha Albor: D.
Tosha Albor: The the
Tosha Albor: okay.
Tosha Albor: Oh, yeah. TDD nice. Alright. Now.
Tosha Albor: which elements do you wanna head the windows? How are you supposed to do that? Well, I'm the down right now, aren't I? So let me go down to where I think the windows can start.
Tosha Albor: Alright. I think I'm where the windows can line up. I think we need you to go
Tosha Albor: to the left. Okay?
Tosha Albor: A. We can at least make the crosses, can't we?
Tosha Albor: Yeah, at least.
Tosha Albor: how how long? Don't know. Let's see where that 1st cross is. Oh, yeah, that's that. Looks about right. Now go back a little bit. But so I can do the okay, let me do.
Tosha Albor: Oh, I went down, didn't I?
Tosha Albor: I mean, you kind of got to do them both. So yeah, that's all right. Okay, is that enough?
Tosha Albor: Do I need to go down again? Yeah, I can't even see where we are. All right. Cool.
Tosha Albor: How do we do the circle? Let's just go to the next. How the next window? Yeah, yeah, it's the only way. Wait. Are you in the middle? I don't know where I am anymore. Just keep sure. I thought I lined it up just right, though. So oh, oh, wait! Hold up!
Tosha Albor: You see it move.
Tosha Albor: Yeah.
Tosha Albor: And then we can just need to go back to the other side. Oh, I see. Yeah, you don't want to have to make up. You don't have to cross
Tosha Albor: across the house. Do you? Okay, hold up? All right. Go on, then. Nice.
Tosha Albor: Yeah. We computed that line. Okay.
Tosha Albor: is it my turn? Yeah, okay.
Tosha Albor: let's see if we can be level it.
Tosha Albor: Oh, okay. So d, I'm gonna say.
Tosha Albor: there, nice nice balance. And I think I need you to go back to where you want me to do the vertical line.
Tosha Albor: I'm gonna I'm gonna make it the same. So so it will. It will be one key again. That's fine, is it that? Yeah, looks like, actually, okay.
Tosha Albor: go up.
Tosha Albor: Boom, boom. So let's make it
Tosha Albor: the same 2. A. So it's least symmetrical. Yeah, and then ends down alright cool.
Tosha Albor: Now. What?
Tosha Albor: Oh, I forgot to do. The chimney?
Tosha Albor: Oh, yes, show them up there alright cool
Tosha Albor: in the middle. Left. I think so. Oh, no, alright. Do you want me to get up there, though? Yeah. Are you sure you want to go back a little bit? Okay.
Tosha Albor: are you sure? Oh, no, no, I'm okay. Are you okay?
Tosha Albor: It's good. It's the best I could do.
Tosha Albor: Oh, do we have to do the stairs to go back up there. Yeah, I guess really, everything's wrong already. Anyways, we might as well just cut across. Let's cut across and make a chimney.
Tosha Albor: Go on, then.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I'm really sorry I'm gonna have to come back in now. That is.
Tosha Albor: Yeah, that is the 8.
Tosha Albor: That's right.
Tosha Albor: Our house.
Chloe Bilverstone: How did you find that.
Tosha Albor: Hard because we don't know how to do diagonal lines or make. Oh.
Chloe Bilverstone: It is quite tricky, isn't it? I'm just gonna stop the recording now.